{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 ART OF KOREA
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Arts of Korea
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 This space reflects Korea as a crossroads where adaptability and resilience have shaped political and cultural formation. Through displays of art dating from prehistory to the present, this gallery demonstrates the innovation within the peninsula as well as relationships and influences beyond it.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Emerging as a unified nation in the seventh century, Korea sits on a peninsula that occupies a strategic location in northeast Asia. This geography has played a critical role in its cultural development and art history. Positioned at the eastern end of the ancient trade route known as the Silk Road, the people of Korea have received, transformed, and passed on artistic styles as well as philosophies and religions. Buddhism, Daoism, and Confucianism have all been sources of inspiration, demonstrating Korea\'92s openness to different traditions and ideas.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The moon jar, a humble yet elegant vessel formed from two hemispheres, has become a national symbol. Its form embodies the quest for a harmonious balance between two opposed yet connected halves. The iconic shape is also a potent metaphor for Korea\'92s modern history as the site of global geopolitical struggles that have resulted in occupation, war, and its division into two linked but separate nations.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Flip Sides:\uc0\u8232 Seeing Korean Art Anew
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Objects have multiple characteristics and aspects\'97they have many sides. Yet museums and galleries often present a single, carefully chosen view that emphasizes what is considered a work's \'93best\'94 angle. By displaying only one perspective, complex design choices, construction techniques, and utility can go unnoticed. 
\f2\i Flip Sides
\f1\i0  challenges that convention by highlighting the multiple sides of each artwork, inviting viewers to look closely and discover features that are otherwise hidden or difficult to see.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Bringing together approximately fifty objects from The Met collection, more than half of which are on view for the first time, 
\f2\i Flip Sides
\f1\i0  provides special insight into the forms, materials, and styles of Korean art. Using X-ray scans, magnified details, photographs, and atypical display methods, the exhibition exposes interior structures, surface treatments, repairs, and traces of use. These various angles and interpretive tools reveal artistic innovation and technical mastery, encouraging inquisitive viewers to engage more deeply and see Korean art anew.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 This exhibition is made possible by The Kun-Hee Lee Fund for Korean Art.
\f3\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 The establishment of and program for this gallery have been made possible by The Korea Foundation and The Kun-Hee Lee Fund for Korean Art.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The refurbishment of this gallery was made possible by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism of the Republic of Korea.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 ART OF KOREA
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Tomb guardian in form of a civil official\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Korea, Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), 19th century\uc0\u8232 Granite
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 From the Collection of Nina and Gordon Bunshaft, Bequest of Nina Bunshaft, 1994 (1995.69)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 During the Joseon dynasty in Korea, the commemoration of ancestors through ritual took on a new significance. Stone sculptures of human figures and animals were placed around grave mounds to honor and guard the tomb. This example was one of a pair. The figure wears the robe and hat of a civil official. He holds an audience tablet, lifted with both hands and held below his chin. This pose, along with his slightly hunched shoulders, indicates respect and humility.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Above
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Scroll recording details of Kashyapa production
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 From left
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Dharani texts written in Sanskrit characters
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Woodblock prints of the Preface to the Collection of Seon Sources
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Sabanggyeong (four-directional mirrors)
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Originally attached to the huryeongtong, these are two of four metal shapes symbolizing mirrors facing the cardinal directions.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Huryeongtong (throat-bell cylinder)
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 This metal container represents the heart of a Buddhist sculpture and once held the obobyeong (\uc0\u20116 \u23542 \u29953 ), five treasure bottles.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Hwangchopokja (yellow wrapping cloth)
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Kashyapa
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), dated 1700\uc0\u8232 Wood with polychrome paint
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Gift of Abby Aldrich Rockefeller, 1942 (42.25.8)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 This monk figure is Kashyapa (also known as Gaseop), the eldest of the Buddha Shakyamuni\'92s principal disciples. His smiling face and relaxed posture convey benevolence and wisdom. Cavities in the head, torso, and lower body reveal the statue\'92s use in the Buddhist consecration ritual known as bokjang (\uc0\u33145 \u34255 ), meaning to store or conceal in the abdomen. While an X-ray scan shows that the head is empty, votive offerings discovered in the body are displayed at left.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Bokjang is performed when creating or restoring Buddhist images. Along with grains, herbs, spices, textiles, and relics, sacred objects such as sutras and Dharani texts are prepared and placed inside the hollow figure. Prayers transform and sanctify the image, reflecting the intimate connection between materiality and devotion in Korean Buddhism. The scroll at left documents that this Kashyapa was made in 1700 by monk sculptors.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Seated bodhisattva (left attendant of a triad)\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), ca. mid-17th century\uc0\u8232 Gilt wood
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Mary Griggs Burke Collection, Gift of the Mary and Jackson Burke Foundation, 2015 (2015.300.301a\'96c)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 This figure is a bodhisattva\'97an enlightened being who has compassionately chosen to remain on earth and guide mortals toward nirvana. X-rays reveal cavities in the statue\'92s head and torso corresponding to rectangular outlines visible from the back. Although the torso is empty, the head contains a bokjang (enclosed ritual offering), a scrunched fibrous material similar to that in the Kashyapa displayed nearby. The figure\'92s hands, carved separately, are removable and absent in the scan.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Needle cases and bobbins\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), 12th\'9613th century\uc0\u8232 Partially gilt silver inlaid with niello; silver
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Rogers Fund, 1917 and 1922 (17.175.34a, b; 22.141.25)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 These compact needle cases and bobbins exemplify the relationship between form and function. The hollow inner cylinders provide needle storage, and the segments allow the user to wind different threads onto the same spool. One end of the interior bobbin functions as the top of the outer container. Niello flowers and scrolling as well as densely stamped scallop motifs appear on the open case. Incised arabesques and flora adorn the hidden bobbin.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Incense box\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), 14th\'9615th century\uc0\u8232 Iron inlaid with gold and silver
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Rogers Fund, 1921 (21.117.3)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 From its form to its surface decoration, this incense box with Buddhist elements exemplifies intricate construction and design. On the lid, a gold-inlaid flaming lotus cradles a Buddhist sutra above swirling silver waves (enlarged on the glass). The gilt double-gourd vessel attached to the lid echoes the shape of the three feet and the support below the handle. On the box\'92s underside and edges, elaborate and interlacing silver-inlaid geometric patterns have darkened over time.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Filigree scent container\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), 19th century\uc0\u8232 Silver
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Rogers Fund, 1922 (22.141.29)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Delicate phoenixes, openwork spirals, and interlacing rings adorn this filigree container for dried flowers and herbs. Once a scented accessory, the vessel would have hung from a hanbok (Korean dress) or a handheld fan. The closing mechanism takes advantage of gravity and the long tradition of maedeup, decorative knotting. When released, the container naturally slides toward the bottom knot, which acts as a stopper.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Tobacco box\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), 19th century\uc0\u8232 Iron inlaid with silver; brass fittings
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Rogers Fund, 1922 (22.78)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Smoking became widespread in the late Joseon period, prompting the production of specialized paraphernalia such as this iron tobacco box with silver inlay. Though the lid appears simple\'97a thin iron sheet with a bent edge\'97it conceals an interesting locking mechanism. The button near the handle releases a catch on the underside, allowing the cover to slide open. Bird and flower scenes, a stylized character, and dense silver-inlaid geometric motifs form a rich array of auspicious symbols.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Bowl with phoenixes\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), 19th century\uc0\u8232 Porcelain with mold-impressed decoration under glaze
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Gift of Samuel T. Peters, 1915 (15.29.27)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 This bowl with an unadorned exterior has a blue-hued glaze that highlights the subtle molded design in the interior. A geometric border frames the two stylized phoenixes.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Bowl with floral and abstract motifs and inscription\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), dated 1847\uc0\u8232 Porcelain with underglaze cobalt-blue design
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Purchase, Friends of Asian Art Gifts, 2010 (2010.174)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Striking cobalt-blue motifs are this bowl\'92s main decorative feature. Carved into the glaze after firing, the distinctive Hangeul (Korean alphabet) inscription provides important information, stating that this example was one of thirty bowls used at Sunhwa-gung Palace for the 1847 royal wedding of King Heonjong (reigned 1834\'9649) to his formally selected concubine.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Talisman\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), 19th century\uc0\u8232 Stone
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Rogers Fund, 1917 (17.175.35)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 This talisman\'92s bold curving lines dynamically depict a dragon amid the clouds. Flying in from the top, the creature\'92s body snakes downward, its face and lively eyes nearly at the center. In contrast, the back of the stone (pictured here) bears three sets of five circles along with small scalelike patterns, perhaps an abstract rendering of a dragon\'92s skin. While the object\'92s usage is unknown, its size allows for it to be held in a hand or pocket.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Dish with inscription and decorated with chrysanthemums and dots\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), mid-15th century\uc0\u8232 Buncheong ware with stamped design
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Colman, 1893 (93.1.216)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 This dish decorated with chrysanthemums, dots, and lines is an example of buncheong ware, a Korean ceramic produced from the late fourteenth through the mid-sixteenth century. Easily overlooked amid the dense motifs, the inscription in the center roundel, \uc0\u24950 \u24030 \u38263 \u33288 \u24235  (Gyeongju Jangheunggo), enlarged on the glass, identifies Gyeongju as the city where the dish was made and Jangheunggo as the government bureau that commissioned it.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Bowl decorated with phoenixes, clouds, and chrysanthemums\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), early 14th century\uc0\u8232 Stoneware with inlaid design under celadon glaze
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Fletcher Fund, 1927 (27.119.10)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Common motifs on this bowl create complementary yet distinct interior and exterior designs. White lines at the center and rim separate registers filled with small floral and geometric patterns. In the center, four phoenixes fly among wispy clouds, their beaks and feathers accented in black. The segmented exterior is predominantly decorated with large scrolling patterns, lotus leaves, and four chrysanthemums in roundels.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Mirror with incised Buddhist triad\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), 13th century\uc0\u8232 Bronze
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Rogers Fund, 1922 (22.141.13)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Unlike the other mirrors on display, this example bears ornaments on its reflective surface. The back is unadorned except for a small knob. The delicate image incised on the front (enlarged on the glass) depicts a central Amitabha Buddha flanked by bodhisattva, all seated on lotuses. Clouds echo the lines of their flowing robes and lotus motifs frame the triad, completing the composition.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Cup with handle\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), 13th century\uc0\u8232 Stoneware with inlaid and molded design under celadon glaze
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Purchase, Friends of Asian Art Gifts, 2025 (2025.598)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sculpted fish swim within a foliated rim, their details defined by incised lines (enlarged on the glass). Made with multiple techniques, this unique cup exemplifies a Goryeo-dynasty celadon. Petal patterns and floral motifs on the exterior frame the waterside scene, all rendered using a technique known as sanggam inlay. The cloud-shaped handle was added before glazing. When filled, the cup appears animated with birds and lotuses at the liquid\'92s edge and fish submerged beneath.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Openwork jar with peonies\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), late 18th\'96early 19th century\uc0\u8232 Porcelain
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Purchase, Michael B. Kim and Kyung An Park Gift, 2024 (2024.176)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Openwork, a decorative technique featuring gaps or holes, usually appears on small scholars\'92 objects or large garden stools. This Joseon-dynasty porcelain openwork jar is a rare example. Four large peonies with twisting branches form a dynamic sculptural lattice. Incised scrolls at the rim, stylized lotus leaves at the base, and a low-relief scepter motif adorn the surface. An X-ray scan reveals the complex structure within\'97a concealed inner vessel enhances the jar\'92s function and versatility.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Bowl with boys and grapevines\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), 12th\'9613th century\uc0\u8232 Stoneware with mold-impressed design under celadon glaze
\f3\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Gift of Samuel T. Peters, 1915 (15.29.23)
\f3\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Bowl with boys and lotuses\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), early 12th century\uc0\u8232 Stoneware with mold-impressed design under celadon glaze
\f3\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Gift of Sadajiro Yamanaka, 1911 (11.8.6)
\f3\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Bowl with boys and grapevines\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), 12th\'9613th century\uc0\u8232 Stoneware with inlaid and mold-impressed design under celadon glaze
\f3\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Gift of Samuel T. Peters, 1915 (15.160.18)
\f3\b\fs28 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Paired with grapes and lotuses, images of boys symbolize hopes for offspring and good fortune. These celadon bowls present all three motifs. At center, the clearest imagery\'97three boys amid lotuses (enlarged on the glass)\'97indicates the most successful firing. While the bowl at left lost nearly half of the impression in the kiln, a boy among grapevines remains visible. Similarly misfired, the third example features interior grapevines with boys set in roundels on the exterior and within.
\f3\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Tile decorated with birds and flowers\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), 13th century\uc0\u8232 Stoneware with inlaid design under celadon glaze
\f3\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Purchase, Friends of Asian Art Gifts, 2023 (2023.320)
\f3\b\fs28 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sanggam decoration adorns this tile. Motifs are incised, inlaid with slip, then glazed and fired to create black-and-white imagery in a celadon blue-green ground. The surface contrasts sharply with the red-brown clay body, revealing the glaze\'92s ability to create color. Among the thinnest Goryeo-dynasty ceramics, few tiles remain intact; this one bears a vertical crack on the back.
\f3\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Bird-shaped vessel\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Three Kingdoms period (57 BCE\'96676 CE), 3rd century\uc0\u8232 Earthenware
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Purchase, Lila Acheson Wallace Gift, 1997 (1997.34.1)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Footed bird-shaped vessels such as this one appear in pairs at burial sites on the southern Korean peninsula. The ceramics probably served as ritual funeral objects. X-rays reveal that the head and neck on this example were made separately and attached to the body. The scan shows a hollow interior to hold and decant liquid. Also visible are repairs to the \'93mohawk,\'94 back opening, and fluted base, which is reinforced with a metal staple.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Jar with lid\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), 19th century\uc0\u8232 Porcelain
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Seymour Fund, 1965 (65.1.1a, b)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 This porcelain jar features a high neck, a rolled-rim mouth, and an evenly glazed surface. The cobalt-blue character on the underside (\uc0\u37325 , or jung in Korean) may refer to the location for which the jar was commissioned; Junghui-dang, a now-lost building where Emperor Gojong (reigned 1864\'961907) received foreign envoys in Seoul\'92s Changgyeonggung Palace. To prevent the glazed underside from adhering during firing, sand was applied to the lid, which was made separately.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Bowl decorated with cranes, rain, and chrysanthemums\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), early 14th century\uc0\u8232 Stoneware with inlaid design under celadon glaze
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Gift of Samuel T. Peters, 1915 (15.160.19)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 With steep sloping sides that form a triangular silhouette, this bowl has a highly visible exterior. The design is nearly identical to that of the bowl decorated with phoenixes, clouds and chrysanthemums (on view nearby). Hash marks and small cranes hint at the interior, where four cranes fly through rain. The minimal yet striking images are rendered with dense, repeated strokes. Echoing an exterior motif, a single chrysanthemum appears in the indented center.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Bowls with flowers, waves, and a cloud\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), 12th century\uc0\u8232 Stoneware with incised design under celadon glaze
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Rogers Fund, 1916 (16.122.2) and Museum Accession (X.652)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Though one is slightly larger, these bowls have nearly identical shapes and decorative schemes, suggesting that they were produced at the same kiln. Celadon glaze, pooled in incised lines and darkened during firing, creates the ornamentation. The exterior bears large whimsical flowers and leaves, while dense multidirectional hatches resembling waves cover the interior. A stylized cloud with streaming ends adorns the center. The fine lines make the inner design (enlarged on the glass) difficult to see.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Marbled covered box\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), 12th\'9613th century\uc0\u8232 Stoneware with celadon glaze
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Purchase, Michael and Kathleen Linburn Gift, 2024 (2024.338a, b)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 This box is displayed open to show glazed and unglazed areas, made with the decorative technique known as marbling. Celadon glaze provides the green hue, while the rim reveals the swirling clay body beneath. Unlike the other celadons in this exhibition, this example\'92s spiral design comes from the intentional blending of clays with different iron contents. The technique creates a charming green pattern when glazed and fired.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Animal-shaped seal\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), 12th century\uc0\u8232 Bronze
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Rogers Fund, 1917 (17.175.36)
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Seal\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), 12th century\uc0\u8232 Bronze
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Rogers Fund, 1917 (17.175.55)
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 The small seal at right features a remarkably complex design. Two animals stand upright on their hind legs, lifting a circular vessel with their outstretched front paws. Tilting upward, their oversize heads create a dramatic pose. Such imagery recalls the bases of Unified Silla-period large stone lanterns from the eighth and ninth centuries as well as Goryeo-period candlesticks. Like other seals with this motif, the base is octagonal. The character on the bottom (pictured here) is indecipherable.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Seated arhat\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), 18th\'9619th century\uc0\u8232 Clay, wood, textile, paper, pigment
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Gift of Abby Aldrich Rockefeller, 1942 (42.25.7)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 This arhat\'97an enlightened disciple of the Buddha\'97has a complex construction. Clay modeled over a solid-wood core forms the seated figure, and in some areas, textiles provide structural support with paper overlaid and painted. The Sanskrit characters on the back are similar to those found in the Kashyapa sculpture and on a mirror, both nearby. Unlike other Buddhist sculptures on display, X-ray scans reveal no hidden cavities or offerings.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Mirror with tab
\f3\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392)\uc0\u8232 Bronze
\f3\b\fs48 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Rogers Fund, 1922 (22.141.11)
\f3\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Mirror with handle
\f3\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392)\uc0\u8232 Bronze
\f3\b\fs48 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Rogers Fund, 1917 (17.175.30)
\f3\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Mirror decorated with palmette and\uc0\u8232 arabesque motifs
\f3\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), first half of\uc0\u8232 the 12th century\u8232 Bronze and silver
\f3\b\fs48 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Rogers Fund, 1911 (11.48.3)
\f3\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Square mirror decorated with\uc0\u8232 sea creatures and clouds
\f3\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392)\uc0\u8232 Bronze
\f3\b\fs48 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Rogers Fund, 1917 (17.175.24)
\f3\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Mirror decorated with dragons,\uc0\u8232 ritual bronze, and clouds
\f3\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392)\uc0\u8232 Bronze
\f3\b\fs48 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Rogers Fund, 1922 (22.141.10)
\f3\b\fs48 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Ancient ritual bronzes, used in ceremonies\uc0\u8232 to honor ancestors, have been central to\u8232 political life throughout Korean history. As\u8232 symbols of power and authority, they were\u8232 often decorated with dragon motifs. The\u8232 scene depicted on this mirror highlights\u8232 this connection. Two dragons fly downward,\u8232 flanking and animatedly peering at a\u8232 steaming bronze tripod cauldron. Clouds\u8232 and a foliated rim embellish the border.
\f3\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Mirror decorated with\uc0\u8232 lunisolar cosmology
\f3\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392)\uc0\u8232 Bronze
\f3\b\fs48 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Rogers Fund, 1917 (17.175.25)
\f3\b\fs48 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 This mirror\'92s five segments depict com-\uc0\u8232 ponents of Daoist and Confucian cosmology\u8232 that were adopted throughout East Asia.\u8232 The central animals represent the five\u8232 cardinal directions (ohaeng), followed by\u8232 the Eight Trigrams (palgwae) with the\u8232 Ten Heavenly Stems (cheongan), then the\u8232 Twelve Zodiac Animals. The fourth register\u8232 depicts thirty-six animals, and the\u8232 outermost band has the twenty-four solar\u8232 terms (jeolgi) in seal script, with six terms\u8232 assigned to each of the four seasons.
\f3\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Mirror decorated with\uc0\u8232 Sanskrit inscriptions
\f3\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392)\uc0\u8232 Bronze
\f3\b\fs48 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Rogers Fund, 1917 (17.175.21)
\f3\b\fs48 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Buddhism arrived in Korea in the fourth\uc0\u8232 century, and by the sixth century, became\u8232 the peninsula\'92s predominant belief system.\u8232 It was the state religion during the Goryeo\u8232 period, when the arts flourished under\u8232 royal and temple patronage. Buddhist\u8232 mantras commonly appeared on secular\u8232 and popular objects. This mirror bears\u8232 sixteen Sanskrit characters on the inner\u8232 band and twenty on the outer, some\u8232 of which comprise \'93Om Mani Padme Hum,\'94\u8232 a mantra chanted to gain enlightenment.
\f3\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Mirror with handle
\f3\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392)\uc0\u8232 Bronze
\f3\b\fs48 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Rogers Fund, 1922 (22.141.12)
\f3\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Square mirror decorated with\uc0\u8232 palmette motifs
\f3\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392)\uc0\u8232 Bronze
\f3\b\fs48 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Rogers Fund, 1917 (17.175.23)
\f3\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Mirror with handle and decorated\uc0\u8232 with peacock, flowers, and birds
\f3\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392)\uc0\u8232 Bronze
\f3\b\fs48 \

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Rogers Fund, 1917 (17.175.32)
\f3\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 44
\f3\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Bronze mirrors emerged in East Asia\uc0\u8232 during the late Neolithic and Bronze Ages,\u8232 notably in China, Korea, and Japan. The\u8232 practical objects were also thought to ward\u8232 off evil, symbolizing authority, cosmology,\u8232 and ritual power. Ranging from austere to\u8232 highly ornamented, these examples display\u8232 intercultural connections and advances in\u8232 cast metalwork. While the decorated sides\u8232 are often exclusively exhibited, the polished\u8232 surfaces demonstrate their utility, and the\u8232 interesting weathering and patina reflect\u8232 the marks of time.
\f3\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Mirror decorated with cranes and birds\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392)\uc0\u8232 Bronze
\f3\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Rogers Fund, 1922 (22.141.16)
\f3\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 45
\f3\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Rafter finial in the shape of a dragon\'92s head and wind chime\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 Goryeo dynasty (918\'961392), 10th century\uc0\u8232 Gilt bronze
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Purchase, The Vincent Astor Foundation Gift, 1999 Benefit Fund, and The Rosenkranz Foundation Inc. Gift, 1999 (1999.263a, b)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 This finial in the shape of a dragon\'92s head would originally have been attached to a corner rafter of a royal hall or a Buddhist temple building (see the photograph at right of a model pagoda that replicates a full-size wood structure from the Goryeo dynasty). The beast\'92s bulging eyes, flaring nostrils, and elaborate scales convey the fierceness and invincibility of this auspicious creature. The small holes at the sides of the neck were probably used to secure the heavy object to the roof. The bell, which functioned as a wind chime, once had a metal-plate clapper inside. The bell would have been suspended from the loop at the mouth of the dragon by a hook. The decorative panels on the lower halves of both faces of the bell feature a swastika (an ancient symbol associated with the Buddha) within a lotus-flower platform. A nearly identical set of a dragon\'92s head and wind chime, the only other comparable extant example, is in the collection of the Leeum Museum of Art in Seoul.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 46
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Sanggam-Inlaid Celadon with Artist Lee Sol Chan\uc0\u8232 Video, color, sound, 2 min., 12 sec.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Courtesy of the National Museum of Korea
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 47
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Birds and Flowers
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Joseon dynasty (1392\'961910), late 19th century\u8232 Ten-panel folding screen, silk embroidery
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Mary and Cheney Cowles Collection, Gift of Mary and Cheney Cowles, 2024 (2024.577.5)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Each of these panels presents two pairs of birds in a landscape\uc0\u8232 of rock and flowering trees, illustrating the intersection of\u8232 painting and embroidery. The finely stitched creatures display\u8232 a wide range of colors, from bright pink and orange to tan and\u8232 black. Flowers and leaves are depicted with articulated veins\u8232 and subtle shading. Inspired by auspicious painting traditions,\u8232 the rocks appear in fanciful blue, green, and purple hues,\u8232 outlined in dark thread. Since textiles are highly light sensitive,\u8232 conservators examined this screen with ultraviolet light,\u8232 causing the pink thread to glow orange (pictured at right and left).\u8232 Together with mass spectrometry analysis, this fluorescence\u8232 reveals the presence of an early synthetic dye developed in\u8232 the 1880s, confirming the screen\'92s late nineteenth-century date.
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
}